Update history and change list (#59)
cisco/mindmeld: source/versions/changes.rst

Recent Changes
==============

MindMeld 4.2
-------------

> MindMeld 4.2 packages several new features to allow developers to build non-english NLP applications, do unstructured Q/A searches,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MindMeld 4.2 packages several new features to allow developers to build non-English NLP applications, do unstructured Q/A searches,
```

Reviewer: Also, QA or Q/A? We've used "QA" elsewhere, but "Q/A" is less ambiguous.

>  and convert RASA and DialogFlow conversation applications to MindMeld applications for ease of on-boarding onto the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 and convert Rasa and Dialogflow conversational applications to MindMeld applications for ease of on-boarding onto the platform.
```

text data. This complements the structured text retrieval already supported in MindMeld for knowledge-base search. See
:ref:`dealing with unstructed data <unstructed_data>` for more details.

**3. MindMeld converter for Rasa and Dialogflow**

MindMeld 4.2 includes built-in support to automatically convert Rasa and Dialogflow projects into MindMeld projects. See
:doc:`How to convert RASA and Dialogflow project to MindMeld <../integrations/converters>` for more details.

**4. New Human Resources Blueprint**

MindMeld 4.2 provide an enterprise Human Resources bot blueprint to complement the existing consumer blueprints we currently support. Refer to
 :ref:`hr assistant <hr_assistant>` blueprint for more details.

**5. Webex Teams Bot Integration**

MindMeld 4.2 includes built-in support for Webex Teams integration, so developers can seamlessly integrate MindMeld bots
to Webex Teams. See :doc:`Webex bot integration <../integrations/webex_teams>` for implementation details.

**6. Locale and Language codes**

Locale codes representing the ISO 639-1 language code and ISO3166 alpha 2 country code separated by an underscore

> character, for example, `en_US` and ISO 639-2 language codes, for example, `EN`, can now be used in MindMeld 4.2 to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
character, such as `en_US` and ISO 639-2 language codes such as `EN`, can now be used in MindMeld 4.2 to
```

> perform NLP tasks on non-english languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to tailor NLP tasks for the specified locales or languages.
```

Previously, the system entity recognizer, which is rule-based and not trained on app-specific data, could not

> extract system_entities like the time entity ``8`` in the spanish query ``despiértame a las 8``. By passing in the locale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extract system_entities like the time entity ``8`` in the Spanish query ``despiértame a las 8``. By passing in the locale
```

or language code, MindMeld will infer the correct time entity in the above query. We provide a code snippet of how

> to use this functionality below, assuming you have spanish training data for such queries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to use this functionality below, assuming you have Spanish training data for such queries:
```

.. code:: python

    nlp.process('despiértame a las 8', language='ES')

.. code-block:: console

       { 'domain': 'times_and_dates',
         'entities': [ { 'role': None,
                         'span': {'end': 19, 'start': 18},
                         'text': '8',
                         'type': 'sys_time',
                         'value': [ { 'grain': 'hour',
                                      'value': '2019-02-16T08:00:00.000-08:00'}]}],
         'intent': 'set_alarm',
         'text': 'despiértame a las 8'
       }

**7. Stemming**

> MindMeld 4.2 allows developers to specify their own custom stemmers, which are useful for non-english languages. We also provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MindMeld 4.2 allows developers to specify their own custom stemmers, which are useful for some languages. We also provide
```

> two in-built stemmers that are wrappers around certain NLTK stemming operations, an English stemmer,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
two built-in stemmers that are wrappers around certain NLTK stemming operations: an English stemmer
```

> ``mindmeld.stemmers.EnglishhNLTKStemmer`` and a Spanish stemmer, ``mindmeld.stemmers.SpanishNLTKStemmer``. Below, we provide a code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``mindmeld.stemmers.EnglishNLTKStemmer`` and a Spanish stemmer ``mindmeld.stemmers.SpanishNLTKStemmer``. Below, we provide a code
```

snippet on how to use the Spanish built-in stemmer with the NaturalLanguageProcessor object.

.. code:: python

        query_factory = QueryFactory.create_query_factory(app_path, stemmer=SpanishNLTKStemmer())
        resource_loader = ResourceLoader.create_resource_loader(app_path, query_factory=query_factory)
        nlp = NaturalLanguageProcessor(app_path, resource_loader)

> **8. Dialogflow.reprocess**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**8. DialogueFlow.reprocess**
```

MindMeld 4.2 includes an improvement to DialogueFlow (a MindMeld dialogue feature) where the user can exit the current dialogue flow and

> return to a default flow. Refer to :ref:`Existing Dialogue Flow <exiting_dialogue_flow>` section on how to exit an existing dialogue flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
return to a default flow. Refer to :ref:`Exiting Dialogue Flow <exiting_dialogue_flow>` section on how to exit an active dialogue flow.
```
